DEMO REGIONAL PATHOLOGY ASSOCIATES
Surgical Pathology Report

Patient: PT-2026-0178                    Accession: S26-0042699
DOB: (withheld, synthetic)               Date Collected: 08/26/2026
Sex: M                                   Date Received: 08/26/2026
Ordering Provider: L. Ferreira, MD (NPI 5678901234)   Date Reported: 08/29/2026

CLINICAL HISTORY:
61-year-old male, immunosuppressed following renal transplant, with a
crusted, ulcerated plaque on the right lower leg, clinically concerning
for an infectious versus neoplastic process; extensive special stain
workup requested given the differential.

SPECIMEN(S) RECEIVED:
A. Skin, right lower leg, punch biopsy

GROSS DESCRIPTION:
Received in formalin labeled "A: skin, right lower leg" is a single
tan-brown, crusted punch biopsy specimen measuring 0.6 x 0.6 x 0.3 cm.
The specimen is bisected and entirely submitted in one cassette (A1).

MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION:
Sections show an exophytic, hyperkeratotic and papillomatous
proliferation of basaloid keratinocytes with a "stuck-on" silhouette
and overlying serum crust, with a mixed inflammatory infiltrate in the
adjacent dermis. Given the immunosuppressed clinical setting, an
extensive special stain panel was performed to exclude an infectious
etiology before finalizing the diagnosis as a benign process.

SPECIAL STAINS:
An AFB stain is negative for acid-fast bacilli. A GMS stain is
negative for fungal organisms. A PAS stain is negative for fungal
organisms and shows no basement membrane thickening. A Gram stain is
negative for bacterial organisms. A Warthin-Starry stain is negative
for spirochetes. A Congo red stain is negative for amyloid deposition.
A Masson trichrome stain highlights dermal fibrosis without an
increase in collagen deposition. A reticulin stain shows preserved
reticulin architecture. A Prussian blue stain is negative for
hemosiderin deposition. A mucicarmine stain is negative for
mucin-producing organisms.

DIAGNOSIS:
A. Skin, right lower leg, punch biopsy:
   - Seborrheic keratosis, irritated, with overlying crust; special
     stains negative for infectious organisms as detailed above.

COMMENT:
The extensive special stain panel excludes the infectious etiologies
in the clinical differential; the lesion is a benign, irritated
seborrheic keratosis.
